The Joe Rogan experience.
I, yeah, no, it was really weird. Cause I was in the area that I lived.
Um, that's.
Where Tony lived. They burned. Yeah. They burned cop cars,
like in very near my house. He used to love that area. It was so beautiful.
It was.
So nice. Now it's all full tents. It.
Was really, it was really.
Do you know that they're spending, oh, you ready for this? Jamie?
How about this? I'm going to send you this Jamie. Cause this is crazy. And.
As we're talking on Los Angeles, they're still at homeless.
People. Well, there's a fee. There's nothing in comparison.
What is the town? What's the.
On Instagram account. Yeah. Oh, is this Los Angeles?
Let's treat people as Los Angeles as good gutter.
People of Los Angeles is better. That's my favorite.
My God, you guys, this is sad.
Well, this was the video. I was looking at that when you're talking about this,
like activist lady is trying to, I guess, help,
but there's also a guy with a machete just general.
And when you watched this the first time, what part did you come?
He comes all the time. It just comes multiple times.
Cigarette.
But not like Tom, I'm going to send you something, Jamie. Um, this is,
uh, you remember how coli on the war was on? And he was talking about how, uh,
the reason why the homeless situation never gets fixed is because so many
people, um,
are working on the homeless situation and they spend hundreds of millions of
dollars. LA spit. I thought it was, there was no money. That's not the case.
Hundreds of millions of dollars get spent in the homeless. And.
Thank you for your contribution to that.
But you know where it goes to, but you know where it goes to,
it goes to the salaries of people, work on the homes. So this, uh,
someone posted all the salaries of all these people look at,
they're all like six figures and more look at it. 254,
260 $3,000, $198,000, $264,000.
Like they make a shitload of money. You would think.
It is a job. You would want to pay people a lot. Cause you want them.
You want like great, man, this is a, is a puzzle. Like this is a puzzle.
Somebody needs to solve. You want.
Results when you get no results, it shouldn't get that.
Much. And there's too many people.
There should be like a committee of five people that are experts.
You need a lot of people to deal with the homeless situation in LA.
It's a hundred thousand homeless people. You have, you have Boulder,
Colorado in LA, in homeless,
like take the entire population of Boulder and make it homeless and then put it
in LA.
The opposite of that, Boulder, just these gorgeous fit hikers, hikers.
They're like, they're hot,
but they're wearing those like toe shoes and like Tivas so you wouldn't bang
them. But you're like, I understand.
The taking like a yoga mat to the top.
They got a yoga mat. They're wearing Jordan.
This is a story I heard in, uh, on the LA news that, uh, they had these,
they bought these things for the homeless shelter situation and they were just
hanging out and you're at Dodger stadium,
unused until someone found them with like a drone one day.
Either.
Spend a bunch of money on it.
Right. But here.
So then you're going to get homeless people and they're going to live in these
things. They're going to make it however, the way they want to this,
guy's talking about they're going to live. However,
the way they want to on in those things up there,
just doing drugs and lightened things on fire. And.
And it's like nice living in LA. Like it's like the weather's beautiful.
It's nice.
Well, that's why they like to go down to the beach. It's very,
you it's very maintained. Ocean air comes off.
I know they have beach fund property. They're putting decks on.
I'm like you guys, this is crazy.
You guys are living a better life than bananas, but Venice is, um,
I think they did something where they're you can't loiter or litter or
something. So now the homeless people are like cleaning. It's like cleaner.
What the? Or they can arrest them. So now the.
Next camp, how about that? Get the out of here. And you know.
We got weird.
I noticed the other day there's people that are not quite homeless yet.
That's how, you know, it's like, these are drug addicts.
Like it's like people that are not, you see them like leaning into that life.
Or you're like, if they weren't allowed to camp, they would probably.
It's just their. The whole thing is dumb.
You can't allow bond streets in the middle of nowhere. You just can't,
you just can't in the middle of the streets, put tents up.
You just can't allow that. You know,
they passed a ban on it here and the today supposed to be the day that the
second phase goes.
Gonna say, cause I've been,
I can't allow my king to tell me there's no homeless.
No there's homeless people. That's just not a lot. Yes,
there are no there's 2002.
To 3000 small places. You see them.
Everywhere. Well, there's a lot. I mean, in terms of.
I saw this obese homeless woman bottomless running across,
I mean the amount of vaginas I see in this business,
but she was wearing glasses, wearing a mask. I was like,
I was promised no mass and no homeless people.
And I'm getting a mixture of both.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.